hello everyone emmanuel here also known
as disco and today i'm going to be
showing you how to set up i ads in your
iOS game hustle works has made this a
relatively easy process for us so well
further ado i'm going to go ahead and
jump in and show you how to do this
right now I'm just using the catapult of
template here to give a demonstration
how to set up these ayats the very basic
way to do this is if you go over to your
game center head down to your mobile
game settings under your general tab
you'll see that there's actually just a
little button here and it says enable
eye ads now there's also an eye ad
position here so we can designate
whether it's at the top or at the bottom
I'm just going to leave it at the bottom
and actually if we go ahead and test
this out real quick you'll be able to
see that it comes up and should be
placed at the bottom of the game ok so I
got the game up here test ad should show
up in a second wait for it
there we go there's your test
advertisement so as we as you can see
this is where the ad would show up in
the game it would obviously be an
advertisement not the test advertisement
for this we'd probably want to put it at
the top so I'll go ahead and change that
a second but what if we didn't want ads
to show up on every level or we wanted
it to show up at specific times of the
game how would we go about doing that
well again stencil works makes this very
easy for us I'm gonna go ahead and drop
out of the simulator and we'll show you
how to do that so the first thing I'm
going to do is just change this ad
position to the top because it's better
suited for this game and we can control
the display of the advertisement through
a behavior so right now I'm just gonna
duplicate a scene here
and we're just going to rename this to
level 2 or something
go ahead and save it
and I'm gonna change the scene this next
scene behavior to go to level two so
that we can test out whether or not the
eye ads are showing up so I'm actually
gonna go over to the game center go over
to scene behaviors and I'm just gonna
create a new behavior I'll put this
under other because it's a Naiad kind of
thing so I'm gonna say hide I add it
create and I'm actually going to go over
to game and under iOS api's scroll all
the way down to the bottom you'll see
that there is a behavior for high dyads
and you can also get the height of the
eye yet so if you need to do anything to
compensate for the height of the eye and
you can actually get the height of it so
I'm just gonna pull this high dyad
behavior out and stick it in when
created you can also show it so if you
want to designate when I want to when
you want it to show it when you didn't
want to show it like you only show it
when the levels complete or something
like that you can do that so I'm going
to go ahead and save that and I'm going
to go over to level 2 and apply it to
level 2
apply I hide I add we go ahead and save
that and now I'm going to give this a
test so the way this works is that it
you should get an ad in the first level
but when we beat that level and move on
to the second level
there should be no I add okay so I have
the game running here I've moved the I
add position to the top here there you
see it now and if I go ahead and play
this this level and beat it and we want
to the next level the I ad should
disappear so let's go ahead and give
that a shot okay I beat it I'm going to
switch to the next level and no more
advertisement there's one more step
after this this is a you know the first
half of the process setting up the AI
ads in your game is only part of the
process the other process would involve
you setting up your your AI ads on your
iTunes Connect so I'm going to shut down
the simulator real quick okay so you're
going to want to pop open iTunes Connect
and if you before you can set up an eye
on that I add Network you have to make
sure you do your contracts and text
documents for that you go in here and
the you fill out the area signed a
documentation and everything that's
associated with doing I have networks
and getting paid for that so make sure
you do that first and then once you have
your application uploaded you go to
manage your apps and I'll just show you
what where you go to do it real quick so
I haven't set up for this free game I
have here and if you go over to the
right here you see this I had net work
settings you want to go in there and
there's some options to turn on your I
ad network if you don't do that the
gaint and submit the game when it gets
approved and you're pushed you can't do
it after the fact so you have to do it
before you the game gets released or set
to release you can't change it after the
game's already out so make sure you have
that set up before the game gets
processed otherwise you'll miss out on
an opportunity to get your ID set up and
then for the entire time that games on
up there you won't have any eye ads and
the only way you'll be able to turn it
on is if you submit an update for the
game so that's really all you need to
know about ayats thanks for watching